The Bitcoin Blockchain The VM-Based Blockchain PERFORMANCE Faster platforms sacriŞce decentralization and security to achieve speed. SECURITY Smart contracts are complex to build and difŞcult to verify, resulting in unexpected outcomes. PRICING Unpredictable prices make it impossible for businesses to plan, while uniform pricing limits ßexibility. TOOLS Proprietary languages, tools, and approaches have a steep learning curve, slowing adoption velocity. SCALE WITHOUT SACRIFICE Ñ Providing fully decentralized, truly scalable blockchain services made for real-world speed and security FRIENDLY TO USE Ñ Familiar tools, open architectures, and expert support to make any developer a blockchain developer OPEN TO THE WORLD Ñ A public and permissionless software platform developed with radical transparency FUTURE-PROOF FOUNDATION Ñ Establishing upgradeable infrastructure to support enduring and equitable innovation Heterogeneous sidechains enable the creation of custom chains to serve speciŞc market needs such as speed, geographic location, security, and more. Enabling developers to use the skills they already have, so every developer is a blockchain developer. CONCURRENT ORCHESTRATION SIDECHAINS *Sidechains will be added as part of subsequent releases once the main chain is fully stable. Research continues simultaneously. Storage Shard ¥ Globally distributed ¥ Hardware focused on storage ¥ Slow and cheap processing Asia dApp Shard ¥ Outlay Asia concentrated ¥ Hardware focused on processing ¥ Fast low latency within region Securities Shard ¥ Outlay co-located close to exchanges ¥ Compliant with domicile requirements ¥ Very fast, low latency Open to the World A public and permissionless software platform developed with radical transparency. Participation in Consensus Low barriers to entry and a rotating  Algorithms written with  consensus mechanism not controlled  fundamental, veriŞable  by committees or voting, promote  mathematical properties enable  decentralization and enhance  higher security through provable,  security.  predictable behaviors.  Correct by Construction Key Features of CBC Casper: Proposed by Vlad ZamŞr of the Ethereum Foundation to address scalability and energy consumption issues. Punishes Key Bad Behavior ¥ Cartelization / censorship ¥ Equivocation ¥ Reversion ¥ Invalidity Abstract and Future Proof ¥ Ready-built for sharding ¥ Built with upgradability in-mind ¥ Flexible payment model Increases Decentralization ¥ Can have Min/Max staking amounts ¥ Can raise participation requirements with minimal overhead increase ¥ Allows people with limited hardware (within reason) to participate in securing the network Increases Energy EfŞciency ¥ Most processing power is tasked toward useful work of processing transactions Increases Security ¥ An attack cannot revert a Şnalized block Built-In GraphQL Account Management Familiar Languages, Interface for Humans Tools & Workßows ConŞdential - Not for Distribution Predictable transaction fees Upgradeable infrastructure Businesses should not become victims of the networkÕs success. Our economic model makes gas fees predictable so developers can build a business model -- and a business -- reliably. Contracts can be upgraded easily with built-in versioning. Existing blocks remain immutable and all future blocks will exhibit the new contract behavior. Now, apps can evolve alongside business. 3,000 4,600 dapps smart contracts EOS = 71% of all DAUs Ethereum = 83% of all smart contracts It took Amazon Web Services (AWS) 9 years to reach 1 Million Developer Accounts. It took Apple App Store 5 years to reach 1 Million Apps. It took Microsoft OfŞce 365 6 years to reach 70 Million active users. ACCOMPLISHMENTS TO DATE Global Industry Partners HDAC Technology (Hyundai Digital Asset Company) Agree to jointly research and develop consensus mechanisms and seamless integration between the HDAC and CasperLabs blockchains. Series A Equity Raise $14.5M Notable investors include: Terren Peizer Arrington XRP Capital HashKey Capital One Boat Capital Consensus Capital 1. We are founder-led, guided by open source principles and radical transparency. 2. We have a diverse group of thinkers and builders with proven experience growing massive platforms. 3. We built the most robust blockchain network, scaling opportunity without sacriŞce. 4. We are focused on rapid, real-world adoption. 5. We have the future-proof foundation to support enduring innovation and growth. ConŞdential - Not for Distribution MEDHA PARLIKAR Chief Technology OfŞcer Product and engineering leader with decades of experience delivering production software at marquee companies such as Adobe, Omniture, Avalara, MP3.com and DivX. MRINAL MANOHAR Chief Executive OfŞcer Technology and Şnance leader previously with Microsoft, Bain, and Bain Capital. Ran the TMT sector of a $1B+ hedge fund. Early investor in Ethereum, Blockstack, etc. MICHAEL BIRCH Software Development Lead Birch has written a working implementation of the Casper Protocol. HeÕs also an accomplished functional programmer and mathematician. MS in physics from McMaster University. CLIFF SARKIN Chief Operating OfŞcer Entrepreneur and former VP of Biz Dev at DNA.Fund, a leading crypto fund. Led VideoSurfÕs $80M sale to Microsoft. J.D. from Harvard Law School. ANDREAS FACKLER Rust Developer Fackler is an experienced Rust developer and has previously led teams at Google, MaidSafe and XoredÕs RCPTT. He has his PhD in Mathematics from Ludwig-Maximilians UniversitŠt. YESSIN SCHIEGG Chief Financial OfŞcer Seasoned accountant (PwC) and 10+ in private equity, typically as a CFO or similar. Advisory Board of the Ethereum Foundation, CFO of Status.im and Web3 Foundation. DR. DANIEL KANE Consensus Protocol Advisor Dr. Kane has earned two BachelorÕs Degrees from MIT and a Ph.D. from Harvard University. He is advising CasperLabs on blockchain cryptography and security. company he grew to $100M revenue. Early investor in BTC, ETH, and EOS. Attract builders to build and adopt with lighthouse accelerators, partnerships, and programs. Make building fast and simple with a comprehensive platform of software, services, and support. Create customer and community superfans that scale our story. Partner with leading global enterprises to upgrade entire industries. ConŞdential - Not for Distribution CV Labs, Plug and Play, TechStars More than 300 startups in the pipeline A plan for global presence in 2020 ¥ New York, NY ¥ San Francisco, CA ¥ Austin, TX ¥ Beijing, China ¥ Shanghai, China ¥ Vancouver, Canada ¥ Toronto, Canada ¥ Zug, Switzerland ¥ Jerusalem, Israel ConŞdential - Not for Distribution 34 